Add How to write MetricExporter (#2842)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet: docs/metrics/extending-the-sdk/README.md

## Exporter

OpenTelemetry .NET SDK has provided the following built-in metric exporters:

* [Console](../../../src/OpenTelemetry.Exporter.Console/README.md)
* [InMemory](../../../src/OpenTelemetry.Exporter.InMemory/README.md)
* [Prometheus](../../../src/OpenTelemetry.Exporter.Prometheus/README.md)

> * [OpenTelemetryProtocol](../../../src/OpenTelemetry.Exporter.OpenTelemetryProtocol/README.md)

Reviewer: nit: `O` before `P`

Custom exporters can be implemented to send telemetry data to places which are
not covered by the built-in exporters:

* Exporters should derive from `OpenTelemetry.BaseExporter<Metric>` (which
  belongs to the [OpenTelemetry](../../../src/OpenTelemetry/README.md) package)
  and implement the `Export` method.
* Exporters can optionally implement the `OnShutdown` method.

> * Exporters should not throw exceptions from `Export`, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Exporters should not throw exceptions from `Export` and
```

  `OnShutdown`.
* Exporters are responsible for any retry logic needed by the scenario. The SDK
  does not implement any retry logic.
* Exporters should avoid generating telemetry and causing live-loop, this can be
  done via `OpenTelemetry.SuppressInstrumentationScope`.
* Exporters receives a batch of `Metric`, and each `Metric`

>   can contain many `MetricPoint`s.

Reviewer: It might be helpful to clarify if this could be "zero to many" or "1 or multiple".

* Exporters should use `Activity.TagObjects` collection instead of
  `Activity.Tags` to obtain the full set of attributes (tags).
* Exporters should use `ParentProvider.GetResource()` to get the `Resource`
  associated with the provider.

```csharp
class MyExporter : BaseExporter<Metric>
{
    public override ExportResult Export(in Batch<Metric> batch)
    {
        using var scope = SuppressInstrumentationScope.Begin();

        foreach (var metric in batch)
        {
            Console.WriteLine($"Export: {metric.metric}");

            foreach (ref readonly var metricPoint in metric.GetMetricPoints())
            {
                Console.WriteLine($"Export: {metricPoint.StartTime}");
            }
        }

        return ExportResult.Success;
    }
}
```

> A demo exporter which simply writes metric name and metric point starttime

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A demo exporter which simply writes metric name and metric point start time
```
